docs(1.9.0): update important note (#1118)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/important-notes/_index.md

### Offline Replica Rebuilding

> Longhorn introduces offline replica rebuilding, a feature that allows degraded volumes to automatically recover replicas even while the volume is detached. This capability minimizes the need for manual recovery steps, accelerates restoration, and ensures high data availability. By default, offline replica rebuilding is disabled. To enable it, set the `offline-replica-rebuilding` setting to `true` in the Longhorn UI or CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn introduces offline replica rebuilding, which allows degraded volumes to automatically recover replicas even while detached. This reduces the need for manual intervention, speeds up recovery, and improves data availability.

This feature is disabled by default. To enable it, set the `offline-replica-rebuilding` setting to `true` in the Longhorn UI or CLI.
```
